version 1.11:

	Japanese language option added. Many thanks to syoken for their translations! Certain pieces that were more difficult to translate, like map names, were left alone.
	
	Replaced one of the fonts because the old one was missing/buggy.


	Balance changes:
	
		Buffed Boshy
			Slightly decreased cost of Tier 3 and Tier 5 upgrades
			
		Nerfed Geezer
			Tier 5's cursors now have a longer cooldown when attacking Green Devils. Cooldown after attacking Blue/Red Devils remains the same.
			
		Nerfed wave 74

			
	Bug fixes:
	
		Fixed a bug where buttons for changing sound volume were visible when they weren't supposed to be.
		
		Fixed the info box disappearing too early, before the next round started.
		


version 1.1:

	4 new maps: WOW, Machinary, Neon Staircase, Wheel of Misfortune
	

	Balance changes:
	
		Rebalanced The Kid
			Tier 4 and 5 moons now bounce off of the screen borders, allowing them to hit the same fruit more than once. They'll excel against clays, but not so much bosses.
				Tier 4 shoots one moon that bounces once
				Tier 5 shoots three moons that each bounce thrice
			Increased attack speed for tiers 4 and 5
			Increased damage against clay fruit for Tier 5
			Decreased the size of each moon for Tier 5
			Decreased the speed of each moon for Tier 5
			Significantly decreased the damage against boss fruit for Tier 5
	
		Rebalanced Spike Turret
			The higher tiers of Spike Turret will still be really good against boss fruit, but I found it too powerful against non-bosses.
			Decreased prices for tiers 3 - 5
			Increased attack speed for tiers 3 - 5 (Tier 3 in particular was supposed to shoot slightly faster, but instead shot slightly slower. This is now fixed).
			Decreased damage against clays for Tier 5
			Decreased piercing per spike for Tier 5
			
		Rebalanced Geezer
			I've felt uneasy about tiers 4 and 5 relying on abilities with long cooldowns, so I am giving them more passive buffs for their base attacks in hopes they're more reliable
			Tiers 4 and 5 now do more damage against clays and bosses
			Increased prices for Tiers 4 and 5
			
		Rebalanced Spike Factory
			I didn't like the big gap in price from Tier 1 to Tier 2, so I tried to rework that.
			Tier 1 now slightly improves the production rate.
			Increased the price of Tier 1
			Very slightly increased the price of Tier 2
			Tier 2 now correctly says the spike pile duration is longer. There is no functional change, but this wasn't displayed in the upgrade text before.
			
		Rebalanced The Guy
			Tiers 4 and 5 were awkward for various reasons, but mainly I wanted to make the knockback more consistent and make him better against non-boss fruit
			Tier 4 now gets slight knockback against non-boss fruit
			Increased Tier 5 piercing
			Increased Tiers 4 and 5 clay damage
			Increased Tier 4 boss damage
			Decreased Tier 4 and Tier 5 critical shot damage, piercing, and knockback
			
		Buffed Miku
			Tier 4 cabbage attack now stuns boss fruit, similarly to Boshy's Tier 4. Weaker boss fruit are stunned for longer.
			Increase Tier 4 cabbage attack speed
			Tier 4 now gets a small range boost
			Decrease the price of Tier 4
		
		Nerfed Mayumushi
			Played with him and I felt like I should nerf him slightly
			Slightly decreased base attack speed
			Slightly increased the base price
			Increased prices for Tiers 2 - 5
			
		Nerfed Marcianito
			Tiers 4 and 5 were pretty broken for their costs
			Decreased all laser damage for Tier 4
			Increased price for Tiers 4 and 5

		Nerfed Captain Viridian
			Decreased the damage dealt for the Tier 5 ability
			
		Nerfed Lee Ho-Seong
			Decreased damage against bosses for Tier 5

	Bug Fixes:
	
		Fixed Guy's Tier 5 being on the wrong layer on the Duloxetine map
		
		Fixed the catharsis shader being used on the button text on the Catharsis map
		
		Fixed Geezer's Octorok bullets not splitting into frags
		
		Fixed Geezer's main attack damage being applied to the spiny damage
		
		Fixed the target mode button flickering for one frame when switching between two towers who don't have targeting priority
		
		Fixed(?) fullscreen being blurry until a tower was clicked on


	Misc:
	
		There's now a visual indicator for when you're using the "Lock Direction" option for Marcianito.
		
		Added a "Follow Mouse" option for Marcianito. Note that this only affects his main laser attack, and not his UFO attack. "Lock Direction" will still take priority.
			
		Rebalanced/Nerfed a handful of waves
		
		Medals now get a rainbow effect if you beat all 140 waves without losing all of your lives.
		
		Update Viridian tower description to include "camo detection" in "Upgrades include..."
		
		Added an option to toggle the Neon Staircase shader effect. Turned off by default.
		
		Some touchups in the readme
		


version 1.02:

	changelog file added
	
	New Beginner map: "Duloxetine". Thank you to tamano for the suggestion and resources!

	Balance changes:
	
		Mayumushi base price increased from 550 to 600
	
		Geezer's "Superfluous Spinies" price decreased from 5000 to 4750
		
		Sticky Keys' "Millennium Bug" price decreased from 4500 to 4250 
		
		Boshy's "Arachnophobia" price decreased from 36000 to 33000
		
		Spike Turret's "Spike Storm" price decreased from 22500 to 21250
		
		Cirno's "Ice Sign "Icicle Fall"" price increased from 3000 to 4200
		
		Late game freeplay rebalanced to make wave 119 and 140 more doable, while making the other waves slightly more difficult. Slightly more income is also given during this phase in order to let the player experiment more with expensive upgrades/combinations. 
		
		Regenerative fruit no longer gain health while frozen, knockbacked by Sray's "Blinding Lights", or knockbacked by Tyson's "Intimidation"
		
		Sray now has a significantly smaller "footprint" to make grouping multiple srays together (or sray with other towers) easier
		
		Cirno's "Ice Sign "Icicle Fall"" now buffs the base attack in addition to adding the projectile attack. The base attack removes regen and camo properties from all fruit (including Yellow Princes), and applies a debuff to clays and boss fruit. Debuffed fruit will temporarily take additional damage from all sources, including sources that normally cannot damage frozen fruit. Yellow Princes will also effectively lose their lead properties while they are debuffed, but not their black properties.
		
	Bug fixes:
	
		Boshy's "Arachnophobia"'s debuff now correctly applies to wave 100/119/140 bosses, although they still cannot be stunned
		
		Miku's "Boiled Broccoli" now correctly deals more damage to leads, clays, and bosses
		
		Fixed a bug where the debuff from Boshy's "Arachnophobia" lasted indefinitely
		
		Fixed a bug where the fruit path would not properly reset when restarting on the coinstack map. Thank you NeatCrown and Huse!

	Misc:
	
		Information box now remains visible for 6 seconds instead of 2.5 seconds after the wave has started. You can still dismiss it at any time by clicking on it.
		
		Map selection screen restructured to group maps by difficulty
		
		When placing a tower, you can now see which buffs would affect that tower if it was placed there, as well as the potential new range (for heart and colonel towers). Thank you NeatCrown for the suggestion!



version 1.01:
	actual initial release
	various bug fixes and balance changes
	more maps
	small UI changes



version 1.0:
	initial release of beta version